docs(endgame): update endgame with smoke test description and npm info (#4370)
carbon-design-system/carbon: docs/guides/endgame.md

    - [Publishing steps](#publishing-steps)
  - [Patch releases](#patch-releases)
    - [Publishing steps](#publishing-steps-1)

>   - [Release Candidate releases](#release-candidate-releases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Release Candidate releases](#release-candidate-releases)
```
Following a quick look-about, it seems like this isn't a proper noun. Is there a reason it's now capitalized?

Author: It happened automatically here when I ran doctoc, no idea why it's capitalized everywhere 🤷‍♀

Reviewer 2: It's generated from the header! If you update it there, should be good 😄

   git checkout v10.4.0
   ```

> 2. Run `./packages/cli/bin/carbon-cli.js release patch` **_Note: Currently the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run `./packages/cli/bin/carbon-cli.js release patch` **_Note: Currently, the
```

>    cli command isn't working, see Manual Instructions for the patch release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   CLI command isn't working. See the manual instructions for the patch release.
```
We can also add a link to wherever the manual instructions are

if an appropriate patch could not be generated.

Once you are done cherry-picking commits, it's time to version the changed
packages.

_Note: If you don't have an npm account, you'll need to go to

> https://www.npmjs.com/signup to create one and find a team member who can give

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://www.npmjs.com/signup to create one. Once you've created the account, find a team member who can give
```

> you permission to publish to the carbon packages. It may take a couple hours for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you permission to publish to the Carbon packages. It may take a couple of hours for
```

npm to recognize the permission change. You will also need to login into npm

> from your terminal using the command `npm adduser` where you will be prompted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from your terminal using the command `npm adduser`, where you will be prompted
```

  </details>

### Release candidate releases

> ​ Before our minor releases, we cut Release candidates a week in advance to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
​ Before our minor releases, we cut release candidates a week in advance to
```

this doesn't need to be capitalized right?

- [ ] React smoke tests
  - [ ] `create-react-app`

<details>
  <summary>How to run React smoke test</summary>

> Change directories so you are wherever you create new projects and run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change directories to wherever you want to add the project and run:
```

```bash
npx create-react-app tmp
```

Change directories so you're in the newly created `tmp` folder and run `yarn` in
your terminal.

After that is done, install the dependencies: carbon-components,
carbon-components-react, carbon-icons and node-sass (two dependencies that the
other packages require) by running:

```bash

> yarn add carbon-components@next carbon-components-react@next @carbon/icons-react

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
yarn add carbon-components@next carbon-components-react@next @carbon/icons-react node-sass
```

Bet you can just do this all in one line

// And
yarn add node-sass
```

> Once that's done, open up `tmp` in your code editor and change any `.css` files

Reviewer 2: I think just `index.css` -> `index.scss`

to `.scss` and add:

```javascript

> @import 'carbon-components/scss/globals/scss/styles.scss';

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
@import '~carbon-components/scss/globals/scss/styles.scss';
```

```

to the top of `index.scss`.

> Update the `.css` imports to `.scss` in `App.js` and `index.js`. At the top of

Reviewer 2: I think just `index.css` in `index.js` to `index.scss` 👍

`App.js`, import the `Button` component by adding the following:

> ```javascript

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```js
```

import { Button } from 'carbon-components-react';
```

In the `App` component return, add the `Button` and then run `yarn start` and

> verify that the `Button` is there and looks correct.

Reviewer 2: Should we add a note like "and no errors are logged to the console"?

Author: Added!
